# Practical_Activity1
ABC Loan Co. makes loans for construction projects. There are two categories of Loans—those to businesses and those to individual applicants.
o As a junior software developer, your job is to develop a Java program that models the properties, behaviours, and interactions of objects. Determine and document program requirements according to object-oriented programming specifications. Apply encapsulation using IDE’s auto code build, e.g. class fields are private and necessary public setters and getters are provided. Save and name your requirements document as “Programming Requirements.”
o Write an application that tracks all new construction loans. The application must also calculate the total amount owed at the due date (original loan amount + loan fee). The application should include the following classes:
 LoanConstants — A public interface. LoanConstants includes constant values for short-term (1 year), medium-term (3 years), and long-term (5 years) loans. It also contains constants for the company name and the maximum each loan amount ($250,000). Save your file as LoanConstants.java.
 Loan — A public abstract class that implements the LoanConstants interface. A Loan includes a loan number, customer last name, amount of loan, interest rate, and term. The constructor requires data for each of the fields except interest rate. Do not allow a loan amounts over the maximum specified in the LoanConatants interface. Force any loan term that is not one of the three defined in the LoanConstants class to a short-term, one-year loan. Override the toString() method to display the loan data. Save your file as Loan.java.
 BusinessLoan — A public class that extends Loan. The BusinessLoan constructor sets the interest rate to 1% over the current prime interest rate. Save your file as BusinessLoan.java.
 PersonalLoan — A public class that extends Loan. The PersonalLoan constructor sets the interest rate to 2% over the current prime interest rate. Save your file as PersonalLoan.java.
 CreateLoans — An application that creates an ArrayList object that contains five Loans. Prompt the user for the current prime interest rate. Then, in a loop, prompt the user for a loan type and all relevant information for that loan. Store the created Loan objects in the array. When data entry is complete, store the ArrayList object in a binary file (save this file as loans.bin) and display all the loans. Save your file as CreateLoans.java.
o The four java files – Loan. LoanConstants, BusinessLoan. PersonalLoan – must be in the package myloan. The test application will be CreateLoans in the createloans package.
